(print)"Feel free to take some scripts in here (made with DrRay ui lib"

local DrRayLibrary = loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AZYsGithub/DrRay-UI-Library/main/DrRay.lua"))()

local window = DrRayLibrary:Load("Geo's Script hub", "Default")

local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Main", "ImageIdHere")
  
  tab.newButton("Info", "[CREDITS TO THE ORIGINAL OWNERS]: I do not own nor made these scripts I either configured them or not", function()
    print('')
end)

tab.newButton("Nameless Admin", "use: Cmds", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://scriptblox.com/raw/Universal-Script-Nameless-Admin-no-byfron-ui-11288"))() 


end)

tab.newButton("Calculator", "if you ever need it(multiplication = * division = /", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://scriptblox.com/raw/Universal-Script-Calculator-12458"))()


end)



local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Hubs", "ImageIdHere")

tab.newButton("Fai-Fao", "fai-fao hub", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PNguyen0199/Script/main/Fai-Fao-Ver2.lua")()


end)

tab.newButton("omgshit", "omgshit hub", function()
    print('success')


loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Omgshit/Scripts/main/MainLoader.lua"))()

end)

tab.newButton("Redz hub", "Redz hub", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/REDzHUB/BloxFruits/main/redz9999"))()


end)

tab.newButton("piggy mixed hub", "configured by: Geo ", function()
    print('success')

local library = loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://pastebin.com/raw/eKwyeQa0", true))()

local tab1 = library:CreateTab("<Piggy Mix Script>", true)
local button = library:MakeButton(tab1,"God on",function(button)
 
_G.GodMode = true

while _G.GodMode == true do
	wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Head.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftFoot.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightFoot.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightHand.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftHand.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.UpperTorso.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LowerTorso.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CanTouch = false
end
	
while _G.GodMode == false do
	wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Head.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftFoot.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightFoot.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightHand.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftHand.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.UpperTorso.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LowerTorso.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CanTouch = true
end

end)
local button = library:MakeButton(tab1,"God off",function(button)

_G.GodMode = false

while _G.GodMode == true do
	wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Head.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftFoot.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightFoot.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightHand.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftHand.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperLeg.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerArm.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.UpperTorso.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LowerTorso.CanTouch = false
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CanTouch = false
end
	
while _G.GodMode == false do
	wait()
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.Head.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftFoot.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightFoot.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightHand.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftHand.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperLeg.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftLowerArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LeftUpperArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightUpperArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.RightLowerArm.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.UpperTorso.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.LowerTorso.CanTouch = true
game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CanTouch = true
end

end)

tab.newButton("hoho hub v4", "Key: True", function()
    print('success')

_G.HohoVersion = "v4"
loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/acsu123/HOHO_H/main/Loading_UI"))()


end)


local text = library:MakeLabel(tab1,"pastebin.com/LFCnC32i")

local button = library:MakeButton(tab1,"Liver zMod",function(button)

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://encurtador.com.br/fiyFJ"))();

end)


end)

local tab = DrRayLibrary.newTab("Misc", "ImageIdHere")

tab.newButton("teleport gui", "activate and click somewhere to teleport", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://pastebin.com/raw/HZA5Yg8w"))()


end)

tab.newButton("no cooldown", "script doesn't work in every game", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://rawscripts.net/raw/Universal-Script-no-cooldown-6517"))()


end)

tab.newButton("Delta keyboard", "best keyboard script", function()
    print('success')

loadstring(game:HttpGet("https://rawscripts.net/raw/Universal-Script-Delta-keyboard-Crack-15565"))()


end)
